hi everyone Aaron here for Zolo Tech and
I wanted to show you how to unlock your
Samsung Galaxy s5 now this means not
unlocking the screen I had someone
comment on one of the videos I did
similar to this it means how to unlock
it to use it with a different carrier
you can see this is the AT&T branded
galaxy s5 and what if we want to use it
with a different GSM carrier around the
world so that means t-mobile
in the United States or some other
prepaid service or things overseas such
as maybe Virgin Mobile or orange or
other networks as well in the United
States it's completely legal to unlock
your phone this is an off-contract phone
it's completely legal to actually unlock
your phone and use it on a different
carrier and no problem there now other
than that we will need to know a little
bit of information before we do that and
this does help a couple things too as
far as resale and things so I've always
done that with my iPhones but let's
unlock this and what we want to do is
get the IMEI number so we'll hit phone
and to do that real simple star pound
zero six pound I had someone comment
also that's a hash mark in the United
States its pound or hash it doesn't
really matter depends on your view of
that however this is the IMEI number so
what you need to do is find an unlocking
service and the one I use is
unlockriver.com I'll leave a link in the
description below
they've been reliable multiple times and
definitely enjoy using that very simple
quick to respond and give them this
number and what they'll do is provide
you with a code now it may take a day or
two to get that code back but what
you'll need to do is in order to input
that code you'll have to reboot your
phone so let's turn this off wait for it
to shut down here and once it's shut
down I'll need to this one does not have
a sim card in it what I'll need to do is
put a sim card that's not AT&T in it can
be borrow one from a friend it won't
hurt anything it just
contains data this is not an AT&T SIM
card you can see it's in place and what
will happen is it will notice that when
we boot it back up so let me put this
back on turn the phone on it'll boot
back up and it will notice that it's not
the right SIM card so wait just a moment
and you'll see what I see what I mean
again the AT&T branding that won't go
away you can see it says invalid SIM
card unlock and it says sim network
unlock pin now we can dismiss this but
we only get a few shots at this so you
don't want to get this wrong the code
that they send you unlock river sent me
actually will unlock this device so we
want to input the code and in my case
this is specific to the device it won't
work on yours as well so so you can see
I put that in that code is in hit unlock
network unlock successful I don't know
if you can see that and it went away and
now it will attempt to find a network on
the SIM card you have you get one shot
it stays unlocked permanently it's it's
hardware built-in so you can restore the
phone reset it doesn't matter it's
unlocked permanently and we can set it
up on a different network or whatever
we'd like now that the SIM unlock is
done you can put in your favorite SIM
card of your favorite carrier and set up
the APN as long as it's GSM it will work
on an AT&T device it's unlocked put in
whatever carrier you would like that
could be t-mobile or many others you
just want to go to your networks and set
up your APN under your mobile networks
that's been done in a different video at
least for a couple carriers here in the
United States by me there's lots of
different APNs elsewhere but set that up
pop in your SIM card and it will just
work and it works great let me know what
you think in the comments below if you
haven't tried this give it a try it's it
does cost a little bit of money again I
did that it unlockriver.com I'll leave a
link in the description below if you
haven't subscribed or comment
please do that and like the video as
always thanks for watching this is Erin
I'll see you next time